{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18860\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Whole brain seed region(s): 1-left posterior insula; 2-right posterior insula\
\
Key:\
1, left posterior insula\
2, right posterior insula\
3, left mid insula\
4, right mid insula\
5, left anterior insula\
6, right anterior insula\
7, left basolateral amygdala\
8, right basolateral amygdala\
9, left centromedial amygdala\
10, right centromedial amygdala\
11, left anterior TPJ\
12, right anterior TPJ\
13, left posterior TPJ\
14, right posterior TPJ\
15, left IFG triangularis\
16, right IFG triangularis\
17, left IFG opercularis\
18, right IFG opercularis\
19, left vmPFC\
20, dACC\
21, right SMA\
22, left M1: trunk\
23, right M1: trunk\
24, left M1: arm/hand\
25, right M1: arm/hand\
26, left S1: trunk\
27, right S1: trunk\
28, left S1: arm/hand\
29, right S1: arm/hand\
30, left M1: upper face\
31, right M1: upper face\
32, left M1: lower face\
33, right M1: lower face\
34, left M1: mouth\
35, right M1: mouth\
36, left S1: upper face\
37, right S1: upper face\
38, left S1: lower face\
39, right S1: lower face\
40, left S1: mouth\
41, right S1: mouth\
\
\
\ul Region details:\ulnone \
\pard\tx0\tx354\tx732\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 Insular regions (posterior, mid, anterior) were generated using the 16 cytoarchitecturally-defined ROIs in Farb et al. (2013). The posterior, mid, and anterior ROIs included the 2 most posterior, 3 middle, and 3 most anterior regions per hemisphere, respectively. Overlapping voxels between middle and anterior, posterior regions were assigned to respective anterior and posterior regions.\
\pard\tx59\tx367\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\b \cf0 Reference
\b0 : Farb, N. A. S., Segal, Z. V., & Anderson, A. K. (2013). Attentional Modulation of Primary Interoceptive and Exteroceptive Cortices. Cerebral Cortex, 23(1), 114\'96126. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1093/cercor/bhr385"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1093/cercor/bhr385}}\
\pard\tx0\tx220\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
\pard\tx0\tx369\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 Amygdala regions (centromedial, basolateral nuclei) were generated via the Juelich atlas in FSL, thresholding the corresponding maps at 50%. \
*Note: since the centomedial region is significantly smaller, voxels that met criteria for both regions were assigned to the centromedial ROI rather than basolateral\
\pard\tx0\tx369\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 Reference: 
\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Amunts, K., Kedo, O., Kindler, M., Pieperhoff, P., Mohlberg, H., Shah, N. J., ... & Zilles, K. (2005). Cytoarchitectonic mapping of the human amygdala, hippocampal region and entorhinal cortex: intersubject variability and probability maps. Anatomy and embryology, 210(5-6), 343-352.\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 The temporoparietal junction (TPJ) ROIs were generated using the anterior and posterior TPJ maps from the Mars et al. (2013) temporoparietal junction parcellation in FSL, thresholded at 50%. The small percentage of overlapping voxels were assigned to anterior TPJ.\
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 Reference:
\b0  Mars, R. B., Sallet, J., Schuffelgen, U., Jbabdi, S., Toni, I., & Rushworth, M. F. S. (2012). Connectivity-Based Subdivisions of the Human Right \'93Temporoparietal Junction Area\'94: Evidence for Different Areas Participating in Different Cortical Networks. Cerebral Cortex, 22(8), 1894\'961903. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1093/cercor/bhr268"}}{\fldrslt https://doi.org/10.1093/cercor/bhr268}}\
\
Inferior frontal gyrus maps (pars triangularis and pars opercularis) were generated using the Harvard-Oxford cortical atlas in FSL, thresholding the corresponding maps at 50%.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b Reference: 
\b0 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Desikan R. S., S\'e9gonne F., Fischl B., Quinn B. T., Dickerson B. C., Blacker D., Buckner R. L., Dale A. M., Maguire R. P., Hyman B. T., Albert M. S., Killiany R. J. An automated labeling system for subdividing the human cerebral cortex on MRI scans into gyral based regions of interest. (2006). Neuroimage, 3(3), 968-80.\
\
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \cf0 Midline regions (though the following regions may be slightly right or left, a single mask was generated for the following 3 regions due to their proximity to midline, following the corresponding references):
\i0 \
The left ventromedial prefrontal cortex (vmPFC) map was generated from connectivity-based parcellations in Jackson et al. (2020), using available maps from: https://neurovault.org/collections/4798/. The ventral connectivity cluster was selected, using a 80% intensity threshold.\
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 Reference: 
\b0 Jackson, R. L., Bajada, C. J., Lambon Ralph, M. A., & Cloutman, L. L. (2020). The Graded Change in Connectivity across the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex Reveals Distinct Subregions. Cerebral Cortex, 30(1), 165\'96180. https://doi.org/10.1093/cercor/bhz079\
\
The dorsal anterior cingulate cortex (dACC) and right supplemental motor area (rSMA) masks were generated as 8mm spheres from the peak activation coordinates for cognitive-evaluation > affective-experiential empathy and affective-perceptual empathy contrasts, respectively, in Fan et al. (2011). \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b Reference: 
\b0 Fan, Y., Duncan, N. W., de Greck, M., & Northoff, G. (2011). Is there a core neural network in empathy? An fMRI based quantitative meta-analysis. Neuroscience & Biobehavioral Reviews, 35(3), 903\'96911. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neubiorev.2010.10.009
\b \
\
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\i\b0 \cf0 Primary somatosensory (S1) and motor (M1) cortices- body part specific regions
\i0 \
Primary somatosensory regions were generated from mean MNI coordinates for body-part specific responses, determined via electrostimulation by Roux et al. (2018), as listed in Table 3. Primary motor regions were generated via the same procedures completed in Roux et al. (2020), as listed in Tables 3 and 4 (
\i Note
\i0 . Mean coordinates were taken directly from tables in most cases; however, for Table 3 in Roux et al. (2020), mean coordinates were computed from the listed coordinates for each distinct body part, rather than the broader body part groupings provided, e.g. computed for \'93thumb\'94 rather than the listed mean coordinate for \'93all fingers\'94). 4mm spheres were generated around the averaged coordinate for each specific body part listed in each paper. The corresponding spherical regions were added together to form the following categorial groupings:\
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 \
S1 trunk
\b0 : feet, leg, knee, thigh, hip, abdomen, thorax\
*Notes on S1 trunk: 1 midline voxel was overlapping between the L, R trunk regions; this voxel was deleted from both final ROIs.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b S1 arm
\b0 : thumb, index (2nd) finger, middle (3rd) finger, ring (4th) finger, little (5th) finger, shoulder, elbow\
*Notes on S1 arm: A few voxels from the added arm ROIs were overlapping with the S1 trunk area; these voxels were assigned to S1 trunk (as the smaller region).\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b S1 upper face
\b0 : eyes, eyebrows, nose, face (cheek)\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b S1 lower face
\b0 : lips, jaw\
*Notes: overlapping voxels with upper face or mouth were assigned to lower face, as the smallest area\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b S1 mouth
\b0 : tongue (base/mid), teeth, larynx, pharynx\
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b M1 trunk
\b0 : buttock, foot, hip, knee
\b \
M1 arm
\b0 : thumb, index (2nd) finger, middle (3rd) finger, ring (4th) finger, little (5th) finger, shoulder, elbow, wrist\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b M1 upper face
\b0 : forehead, nose, eyebrows, eyes, cheek\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b M1 lower face
\b0 : lips, jaw\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b M1 mouth
\b0 : tongue, larynx\
*Note, overlapping voxels between lower face and mouth were assigned to lower face.\
\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b References
\b0 : \
Roux, F., Niare, M., Charni, S., Giussani, C., & Durand, J. (2020). Functional architecture of the motor homunculus detected by electrostimulation. The Journal of Physiology, 598(23), 5487\'965504. https://doi.org/10.1113/JP280156\
Roux, F.-E., Djidjeli, I., & Durand, J.-B. (2018). Functional architecture of the somatosensory homunculus detected by electrostimulation: Human somatosensory homunculus. The Journal of Physiology, 596(5), 941\'96956. https://doi.org/10.1113/JP275243\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \
\
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0  }